hey it stopped me from Stealth Auto
today I was gonna do a product overview
of the e30 headlights these are the e30
LHL - chr items you're gonna see on the
website they are the chrome housing
ether the headlights with the angel eye
drinks in them let me show you how they
look when they're lit this model only
comes with a halogen angel eye ring so
you're not gonna have the option of
upgrading to the LED ones
the reason being these are sealed
headlights meaning they're glued from
the factory I want to give you a quick
360 so pretty much they're built to be
plug-and-play and they're built to be
this exact dimensions and specifications
of your original one so at in the back
you got the same type of mounting
hardware and bracketry for the same kind
of mounting holes you have your when
you're looking at it from this way this
is your low beam this is your high beam
this is closer to the grilles on the
inside of the vehicle this light would
be closer to the fender you have a
projector low beam you have a reflector
high beam and then when you flip it
around to the back take a look
you have your connectors in the back of
the actual headlight twist the counter
clockwise to take them off the bulb
resides in there you connect the bulb
with these electrical connectors to this
cap these sockets come from the European
version which is gonna be different than
your u.s. spec vehicle your u.s. spec
vehicle needs a socket like this which
is a 9 mm we give you these little
little pieces pretty much the female
ends going to the male ends here connect
them correctly make sure positive and
negative is correct
this one just goes back on the light
once you have your bulb in here connect
these electrical connections back here
pop this cap back on make sure it's
sealed fully because if you don't lock
this in right water can get in there
these are your adjustment knobs very
easy these control how high or low the
light is gonna throw a bi shown on the
floor and then I you just got your
mounting points very simple this is your
angel eye wiring so this needs to have
power to it for the angel in order for
the angel eyes to turn on and then the
whole kit comes with an angel eye wiring
kit so this connects right into here
plug-and-play very easy
there you go goes this way so
plug-and-play and then on this end of it
you just have like a positive and
negative and you just connect it
as the instructions show you you're
pretty much ready to go do you have any
questions about this and anything else
give us a call or go online Thanks